hello to all hello everyone here bilbo
12 apple is today we find ourselves
for unpacking the ipod touch 5g
so I bought him two cases not
long time here and the ipod touch 5g
we did not go around the woods
because the choice on you have the ipod
touch
behind you so have the quantity and
information about contents of the box
the underneath so you have the number
series the color the capacity on the
above
the little apple of color apple
your blue ipod touch for me on the
left side ipod touch and sideways
law
ipod touch so here we go now
open the box to have it done it himself
take in the little language and here he
have to get off the ground and the ringette
we will play and we catch the ipod touch
so even with the base when you
do not take it the first time and live there
is very light even with small bags
in plastic
it is extremely light gomel
side position opens on the inside you
have the little tags with so the
quick start guide hello
caetera and the two apple stickers
eventually there you have the
tunes buddies so I have everything new
headphones the apple that are good
better quality than the old ones I
already tried I bought a pair
I tried and yes they did well
best quality
good it's a pity there is no microphone
here so here to have the microphone in
buy a pair so the leader zips
board is so there you have the new
connector of a Lenin connector here
which is much smaller than the
previous to send compared to my thumb
for it is I'm half my thumb
pretty much to offer a very small and the
big novelty of this little accessory
to friendly the drag on apple loupe
that you will be able to hang on the
behind your ipod touch so for
unlock ipad dance ipod touch
support once and for all on the
small piece of plastic
I took a good shot here it is good
so we also see them on a little bit
so is there you have the ipod touch so
we removed his protection from the screen and
here are watch this video do not forget
need the machine I will stay
on Twitter
all